rabbits:de lapins
pig:de cochon
eagle:d'aigle
foxes:de renards
workers:d'ouvriers
dogs:de chiens
snakes:de serpents
hound:de chien de chasse
hen:de poule
birds:d'oiseaux
bull:de taureau
trees:d'arbres 
bear:d'ours
boys:de garçons 
frog:de grenouille 
rooster:de coq 
wolf:de loup 
crow:de corneille 
ducks:de canards 
oxen:de b½ufs 
boar:de sanglier
stag:de cerf 
snake:de serpent 
pigeons:de pigeons 
deer:de cerf 
lion:de lion 
crabs:de crabes 
wasp:de guêpe 
bulls:de taureaux 
gnat:de moucheron 
donkey:d'âne
wound:de blessure 
man:d'homme 
trumpeter:de trompettiste
fish:de poisson 
nuts:de noix 
dog:de chien 
thirst:de soif
squirrels:d'écureuils 
horse:de cheval 
pigeon:de pigeon 
cats:de chats 
doctors:de médecins 
raccoons:de ratons laveurs 
lizards:de lézards 
fox:de renard 
duck:de canard 
fish2:de poissons
mule:de mulet
flowers:de fleurs 
leopard:de léopard 
turtles:de tortues 
turtle:de tortue 
goose:d'oie 
sheep:de mouton 
hawk:de faucon 
chickens:de poulets 
cows:de vaches 
elephant:d'éléphant 
moose:d'élan 
wire:de fil 
doves:de colombes 
goats:de chèvres 
tiger:de tigre 
spiders:d'araignées 
bee:d'abeille 
pigs:de cochon 
fly:de voler 
cow:de vache 
bone:d'os 
boy:de garçon 
drummer:de joueur de tambour 
worm:de ver 
cookies:de biscuits
coyote:de coyote 
hunger:de faim
meeting:de réunion 
falling:de chute
dying:de mort
fighting:de combat
working:de travail
starving:de famine
hatching:d'éclosion
chasing:de chasse
feeding:de nourriture
bragging:de jactance
squeezing:de se faufiler
arguing:de débat
lying:de mensonge
killing:de meurtre
pretending:de duperie
searching:de recherche
stealing:de vol
biting:de morsure
singing:de chant
complaining:de plainte
sharpening:d'aiguisage
taking:de prendre quelque chose
blaming:d'accusation
protecting:de protection
hunting:de chasse
trusting:de confiance
walking:de marche
stinging:de piqûre
attacking:d'attaque
leaving:de sortie
eating:de nourriture
healing:de guérison
helping::d'aide
leading:de mener
fishing:de pêche 
holding:de tenir quelque chose
dropping:de laisser tomber quelque chose
reaching:de saisir quelque chose
writing:d'écriture
running:de course
flying:de vol
shouting:de cri
traveling:de voyage
sleeping:de sommeil
burying:de creusement
throwing:de lancer quelque chose
cleaning:de nettoyage
guessing:d'estimation
kicking:de coup de pied
teaching:d'enseignement
cheating:de tricherie
jumping:de saut
listening:d'audition
breaking:de destruction
hiding:de cachette
cutting:de coupure
coughing:de toux
describing:de description
brushing:de brossage
looking:de regard
crushing:d'écrasement
bothering:de dérangement
planting:de plantation
laughing:de rire
digging:de creusement
punching:de bagarre
roaring:de rugissement
starting:de commencement
yelling:de cri
washing:de nettoyage
ignoring:d'ignorance
watching:de regard
diving:de plongée
pushing:de pression
lifting:de soulever quelque chose
turning:de tourner
fairness:de justice 
stupidity:de stupidité 
comfort:de réconfort 
assistance:d'assistance 
politics:de politique 
foolishness:de sottise 
caution:de prudence 
effort:d'effort 
production:de production 
pride:de fierté 
aging:de vieillissement 
vanity:de vanité 
dishonesty:de malhonnêteté 
cruelty:de cruauté 
deception:de tromperie 
value:de valeur 
responsibility:de responsabilité 
regret:de regret
desire:de désir 
endurance:d'endurance 
preparation:de préparation 
selfishness:d'égoïsme 
anger:de colère 
survival:de survie 
safety:de sécurité 
loyalty:de fidélité 
instruction:d'instruction 
revenge:de vengeance 
protection:de protection 
importance:d'importance 
commitment:d'engagement 
advice:de conseil
payback:de gratitude 
leadership:de leadership 
risk:de risque 
compromise:de compromis 
greed:d'avidité 
solution:de solution
happiness:de bonheur 
hope:d'espoir
honesty:d'honnêteté 
pleasure:de plaisir 
education:d'éducation 
faith:de foi 
friendship:d'amitié 
planning:de planification 
precaution:de précaution 
strength:de force 
power:de puissance 
freedom:de liberté 
luck:de chance 
gossip:de potins 
construction:de construction 
danger:de danger 
imagination:d'imagination 
respect:de respect 
hatred:de haine 
generosity:de générosité 
separation:de séparation 
clarity:de clarté 
distrust:de méfiance 
kindness:de gentillesse 
wealth:de richesse 
modesty:de modestie 
competition:de concurrence 
amusement:d'amusement 
discomfort:d'inconfort 
purpose:de but 
preference:de préférence 
courage:de courage 
loneliness:de solitude 
laziness:de paresse 
beauty:de beauté 
fear:de peur 
work:de travail 
avoidance:d'évitement
leverage:d'effet de levier 
impropriety:d'inadéquation
camaraderie:de camaraderie 
evaluation:d'évaluation 
pragmatism:de pragmatisme 
desperation:de désespoir 
foresight:de prévoyance 
motivation:de motivation 
incentive:de motivation 
suffering:de souffrance 
inexperience:d'inexpérience 
inequality:d'inégalité 
distortion:de distorsion 
insensitivity:d'insensibilité 
skepticism:de scepticisme 
utility:d'utilité
consequences:de conséquences 
remorse:de remords 
ambition:d'ambition 
stoicism:de stoïcisme 
readiness:d'empressement 
disregard:de négligence 
futility:de futilité 
prudence:de prudence 
inference:d'inférence 
obligation:d'obligation 
education:d'éducation 
retaliation:de vengeance 
cohesion:de cohésion 
status:de statut 
fanaticism:de fanatisme 
superstition:de superstition 
reciprocity:de réciprocité 
influence:d'influence 
certainty:de certitude 
modification:de modification 
overreaching:de surmenage
invention:d'invention
courtesy:de courtoisie 
allegiance:d'allégeance 
pessimism:de pessimisme 
optimism:d'optimisme 
resilience:de résilience
morality:de moralité 
frivolity:de frivolité 
vanity:de vanité 
equality:d'égalité 
unity:d'unité 
deliberation:de délibération 
anxiety:d'anxiété 
emotion:d'émotion 
ideology:d'idéologie 
plagiarism:de plagiat 
prejudice:de préjudice 
distractions:de distractions 
suspicion:de suspicion 
confidence:de confiance 
antagonism:d'antagonisme 
indifference:d'indifférence 
favoritism:de favoritisme 
necessity:de nécessité 
persistence:de persistance 
sensitivity:de sensibilité 
animosity:d'animosité 
prevention:de prévention 
sympathy:de sympathie 
composure:de sang-froid 
sincerity:de sincérité 
adversity:d'adversité 
ambivalence:d'ambivalence 
cowardice:de lâcheté 
creativity:de créativité 
ritual:de rituel 
tolerance:de tolérance 
deception:de tromperie 
humility:d'humilité
