Release notes for HCP_SOCIAL_EPrime_script.zip 2 September 2013 This
archive contains E-Prime script files used to present task fMRI stimuli
for the SOCIAL task, and collect behavioral responses in the scanner for
the Human Connectome Project scanning protocol. These scripts are being
made freely available to the research community by the WU-Minn HCP
consortium (http://www.humanconnectome.org/).

These E-Prime script files can be used to run fMRI tasks from the HCP
protocol in your own research project. Details on the tasks included in
the HCP protocol is available in a NeuroImage article by Barch et al.,
2013,  available at
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1053811913005272.

====================================================================
Task fMRI Battery User Agreement: The Human Connectome Consortium grants
permission to use, reproduce and adapt the Human Connectome Task fMRI
Battery for end user use in both research and commercial endeavors (the
“Purpose”). This allows you to copy, distribute or transmit the Human
Connectome Task fMRI Battery, or to modify or adapt it.  However, if you
share, modify, adapt, transform or build upon this work, you must
distribute the resulting work only under the same or similar license to
this one.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Purpose does not include: (i)
the sale, distribution or transfer of the Human Connectome Task fMRI
Battery, copies thereof, or modifications of this battery for any
consideration or commercial value; (ii) use of the Human Connectome Task
fMRI Battery as a marketing tool for the sale of any product. All copies
of the Human Connectome Task fMRI Battery shall include the following
notice: “Used (and/or modified) with permission. Copyright 2012.  The
Human Connectome Task fMRI Battery is a copyrighted instrument of the
Human Connectome Consortium. All Rights Reserved.  Please contact Deanna
Barch (dbarch@artsci.wustl.edu) for use of the Human Connectome Task
fMRI Battery for any other intended purpose.  If any aspect of the Human
Connectome Task fMRI Battery is in the public domain under applicable
laws, this license does not affect that status.
====================================================================
